README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/font-optimization) to automatically optimize and load Inter, a custom Google Font.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

Commit message:

docs: update README with project details and screenshot
- Add a project screenshot to README
- Update README with project overview, live link, and GitHub repository link
- Remove unnecessary details related to Next.js from README

README.md, after:

# Damac Project

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Project Screenshot

![Project Screenshot](./public/project.png)

_(Replace `./public/project.png` with the path to your actual project screenshot)_

## Live Project

Check out the live project [here](https://damac-nine.vercel.app/).

## GitHub Repository

The source code for this project is available on GitHub: [https://github.com/brij1728/damac](https://github.com/brij1728/damac).

## Overview

This project was implemented using the following technologies:

- **Next.js**: A React framework for server-side rendering and generating static websites.
- **Tailwind CSS**: A utility-first CSS framework for rapid UI development.
- **React Icons**: A library for including popular icons in your React projects.
- **Swiper**: A modern touch slider and carousel library.
- **Next/Image**: An optimized image component for Next.js.

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```
